Help. Anyone. Help!
Hello Michael.
I want to play a game.
So far, in what could loosely
be called your 'life',
you've made a living
watching others.
Society would call you an
informant, a rat, a snitch.
I call you unworthy of
the body you possess,
of the life that
you've been given.
Now we will see if you
are willing to look inward,
rather than outward.
To give up the one thing
you rely on...
in order to go on living.
The device around your neck
is a death mask.
The mask is on a
spring-timer.
If you do not
locate the key in time,
the mask will close.
Think of it like a
Venus flytrap.
What you are looking at
right now is your own body.
Not more than two hours ago.
Oh fuck.
Don't worry, you're sound asleep
and can't feel a thing.
Taking into account that you are
at a great disadvantage here,
I am going to give you a hint
as to where I have hidden the key,
so listen carefully.
The hint is this.
It's right before your eyes.
How much blood will you shed
to stay alive, Michael?
Live or die...
make your choice.
Who the fuck are you?
Who the fuck are you!?
No! No!
Someone!
Someone help me!
Oh, fuck!
Help me!
Fuck!
No, no, ho, ho, ho, ho...
Excuse me.
Help you?
I'm here for Daniel Matthews.
Sign these.
Thanks.
Let's go, Daniel.
Took you long enough.
'M sorry, l didn't have you
penciled in on my schedule.
They're going to press charges,
you know.
Yeah, they're assholes.
Of course they are,
you stole from them.
This works out great
for me, though.
Your mother gets to keep custody,
I get to take you into custody.
What is it with you? Huh?
What, you're a tough guy
because you steal now?
Please, save me the
after-school special.
Why are you such a cop 24/7?
Hey, it's called being a father.
Trust me, you're better at
being a cop.
I just think I should go back
to mom's early.
What did you say?
What, can you not hear me?
No, I can't hear you.
Say it again!
I think I should go back
tomom's...
Well then, go!
Jesus!
Hey, it's Daniel,
leave a message.
It's dad. Sorry about yesterday.
Look, II haven't heard from you.
Would you give me a call, please?
Daniel?
Sorry Sarge,
I thought you were my son.
Yeah. I'll be right there.
What have you got?
County asbestos cleaners are
working on a deadline.
One of them finds a body,
calls it in.
Says this whole section's been
abandoned for two years.
They've spotted people down here,
though.
Who?
Well homeless, mostly.
A bunch of kids held a rave in the
boiler room about two months back.
You got an estimate on
the time of death?
Forensic's just got here.
But it was the arriving officer
who called it in as your buddy.
He wasn't my buddy,
he was an informant.
This officer ID'd him just by
looking at him?
Well, he wasn't positive.
That's why I wanted you here.
Alright, let me
get a look at his face.
I'll tell you in two
seconds if it's him or not.
Therein lies the problem.
Yeah, it's Mike.
When were you going to
tell me about that?
I thought you'd want to
see it for yourself.
Okay, well I saw it.
I have to admit
it's a little early,
but so far it matches
Jigsaw's pattern.
II can see that.
What do you want with me?
Well let's just pretend for a second
that this is new to us, alright?
Can you think of anyone that would
want to do this to your guy?
Well, he's an informant, Carrie.
You want a list of possible suspects,
grab a phone book.
Crack-head county punks don't
have engineering degrees.
Now, I'd say that
our cause of death here...
narrows that list down
just a little bit, wouldn't you?
Sure. But you're the expert.
Look closer, Detective Matthews.
At what?
Ask whoever wrote it.
Hello Michael.
I want to play a game.
So far, in what could loosely
be called your 'life',
you've made a living
watching others.
You know, you and that guy have
a lot in common, Kerry.
-Oh yeah?
- Yeah.
You both like playing
games with people.
Excuse me?
Don't ever pull some shit like
that again on me at a crime scene.
Look, I'm not the one
taunting you, he is.
That doesn't mean
I have to take the bait.
Besides, I got
a full caseload as it is.
A bunch of desk errands
and shit work.
Yeah, well between that,
IA breathing down my neck,
my son's budding criminal career,
and my wife's fucking divorce lawyers,
I'd say my hands are pretty full,
wouldn't you?
Yeah. Look, I'm sorry,
I was hoping maybe that
I could bring you in on this one.
We're not partners anymore,
Kerry.
Forget that we're not partners,
what about the fact this guy wrote
your fucking name on the wall, huh?
He asked for you!
It's not the first time some
psychopath called me out.
Alright, what about the fact
that l'm asking?
I can't help you.
-Wow.
-You're the Jigsaw expert.
When did you stop being a cop?
Look closer, Detective Matthews.
This guy wrote your
fucking name on the wall.
Look closer, Detective Matthews.
He asked for you!
Alright fellows, listen up.
These are the best entry points.
They're the ones with
direct street frontage,
vehicle access and good cover.
Now remember, we're doing this
in broad daylight,
and we don't want to
scare any civilians.
I've been there before,
II know the location.
Just bust in there...
and scare the shit out of anyone
who happens to be inside, okay.
We're going in
in teams of three.
I'll go with team Alpha.
Let's do this.
Just like the good old days, huh?
I thought your caseload
was big enough as it is?
I'm just tagging along
for the ride.
Go, go, go, go, go!
Alpha team, I want you in
front. Baker, flank the side.
Alright, let's do this.
Go, go, go, go, go!
Freeze!
Get down! Everybody down!
Officer down! Officer down/!
The fucking place is wired!
Officer down! Officer down!
Oh shit! Second team
get in here now! Now!
Go, go, go!
Get down!
Guys...
Talk to me, guys.
Go, go!
- Officer down.
- Okay.
Get your men back here.
- Move up!
- Go, go, go!
Clear. Clear. Clear.
Go, go!
Move up!
Alpha to Delta. He's on the bench.
Repeat, he's on the bench.
Cover the back.
Freeze! Don't move!
Let me see your hands!
I'm not going to ask again!
Put your hands
where I can see them!
Down on your knees!
I'm afraid I can't do that.
Get him in restraints, now!
You have aright
to remain silent.
to an attorney.
If you can't afford one, one will be
appointed to you by the city.
He's clean.
Hey.
Is this close enough?
Get his ass out of here.
Actually,
I will need to remain here...
while you deal with your
problem, Detective Matthews.
What problem?
The problem in that room.
You keep him secure.
Clear.
Shit.
What?
I don't know.
Shit. I think that's my son.
He's got my son.
Hey, what the fuck is that?!
Hey! Hey!
What the fuck is that?
It's your son Daniel,
you remember him, don't you?
I know who he is,
you piece of shit.
What's he doing
on that fucking monitor?
Well, I haven't looked at
the monitors for some time,
so it would be hard for me to say.
But I would imagine that...
he's cowering in a corner
with a look on his face.
You motherfucker!
Where is he?
That's a problem you're going to
have to solve before it's too late.
I give us about two hours before the
gas creeping into his nervous system...
begins to break down his body tissue,
and he begins to bleed
from every orifice he has.
Oh, yes.
There will be blood.
Tell me where he is.
He's in a safe place.
Eric...
I need a phone.
Eric, just listen to me...
Just give me a phone!
Look, everything about this
fits his profile.
I need to be sure.
You've reached Daniel's phone
He's not in right now, but if you...
I'm sorry.
We have something
counting down over here.
Get me bomb squad, now!
Hey.
Hey, wake up.
Can you hear me?
She's still breathing.
What is this, house arrest?
Are we in jail?
Nah. This ain't jail, man.
Yeah, you've done a lot of time?
Yeah, too much.
Somebody open the fucking door!
I don't think anybody's listening.
Damn! What the fuck is this?
Somebody's listening.
No.
Those types of cameras
don't have sound.
Fuck!
How can you just wake up in a room
and have no idea where you are?
I guess you've never
been drunk before.
I've been drunk.
I spent three years at college drunk.
This isn't drunk.
This is kidnapping.
Look, I saw this movie
on TV last week.
This guy, he was a reporter,
and he goes to this war zone, right?
He goes in to sleep in his
hotel room the first night.
Bam, he wakes up the next morning,
he's in a cell
with no windows and no light.
And he spent nine years in that room.
Nine years! Man, that's nothing.
Get over it.
What do you mean get over it?
I mean stop bitching about it
and let's do something.
I think we all
should just calm down.
Shut up! Shut up!
I hear something.
What is it?
It's ticking.
I hear ticking.
Hey, hey, calm down. Calm down.
What's your name?
Amanda.
Where am I?
I don't know. Nobody knows,
we all just woke up here like you.
No!
No! No!
No, it's okay.
No!
Fuck!
What?
What are you looking for?
What is this?
Everything you need to know
is on this.
Greetings, and welcome.
I trust that you are all
wondering where you are.
I can assure you that while
your location is not important,
what these walls offer for you
is important.
Salvation. If you earn it.
Three hours from now the door
to this house will open.
Unfortunately, you only have
two hours to live.
Right now, you are breathing in
a deadly nerve agent.
You have been breathing it
since you arrived here.
Those of you familiar with the
Tokyo subway attacks...
will know its devastating
effects on the human body.
The only way to overcome it
and walk out that door...
is to find an antidote.
Several are hidden
around this house.
One is inside the safe
in front of you.
You all possess
the combination to the safe.
Think hard. The numbers
are in the back of your mind.
The clue to their order
can be found over the rainbow.
Once you realize what
you all have in common,
you will gain a better understanding
of why you are here.
X marks the spot for that clue.
So look carefully.
Let the game begin.
- Who is this?
- What does he mean, gas?
How did you know how to find this?
This is bullshit!
"Do not attempt to use this key
on the door to this room."
Fuck this, man.
Yeah, fuck this.
That's a good idea.
No. No, that's not a good idea.
So what are we gonna do, huh?
Sit here?
The note said not to use the key.
Who gives a shit
about the note, alright?
This is all a fucking
big goddamned joke,
and I'm about to end it.
This is not happening!
Come here!
You better start talking right now.
What is this?
- It's a game.
- It ain't no fucking game.
My man just got his head blown off.
- He's testing us!
-Who's testing us?
- Jigsaw.
- Who the hell is Jigsaw?
Don't you watch the fucking news?
No. Who is he?
He's a serial killer.
No, he's not! He's testing us.
He wants us to survive this.
We have to play by
the fucking rules!
I'm going to ask you again.
How do you know all this?
Because I've played before.
I want a tech team in here now.
Find out where
that feed is coming from.
What do you want with me?
A little of your time, Detective.
I don't have any time.
You asked me what I wanted
and I told you.
Believe me when I tell you
your son is in a lot of trouble.
And if I give you a little bit
of my time, what then?
I only want to talk to you.
Everyone else must leave.
Those are my conditions.
No. It's a crime scene,
nobody leaves.
They don't have to leave the building.
They just have to leave this area.
Long enough for me to talk to you.
If you agree to that,
then you will see your son again.
If I don't see my son again,
I swear to God I'll rip
your fucking head off.
I don't intend to mock you, Officer,
but I'm a cancer patient.
How could you possibly put me in
any more pain than I'm already in?
Just get them here now.
Alright, tech team's on the way.
They should have the signal
traced within an hour, maybe two.
He said he wants to
talk to me alone.
Well, maybe you should talk to him.
Fuck that! Five minutes,
old school method.
He's not going to respond to the
phone book treatment, you know that.
Don't underestimate
a tried and true method.
I am the one that has been working
on this case from day one.
I have been spending every
waking moment piecing it together.
Maybe that's why you ain't got
a goddamn family for yourself,
and you can't understand
what this man is going through.
-No.
-Look...
I don't want to talk to him.
Listen, you already lost your son
one time before...
because you got involved with me.
It's not going to happen again.
This is bullshit!
What are we gonna do?
Just humor him.
Buy us a little more time.
We can win this, Eric.
We can beat him.
Alright.
...find an antidote.
Several are hidden
around this house.
One is inside the safe
in front of you.
You all possess
the combination to the safe.
Think hard. The numbers
are in the back of your mind.
The clue to their order
can be found...
Shit!
Hey, wait a minute.
Where are you going?
I'm going to find an antidote,
and I'm going to get out of here.
What? Antidote?
You've been in the joint.
You've talked to the guards
that run the chambers.
You know there ain't no
antidote for this shit.
Look at this.
The doors are locked.
Hear that? It's wood.
Plaster.
It's not a fortress,
it's a fucking house!
All I'm saying is
let's just take our time...
and come up with a game plan.
Well, you come up with
the game plan, alright?
I'm getting out of here.
Look.
You okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
I wouldn't do that if I was you.
You don't know what's
behind that fucking door.
Fuck!
Shit!
Clear the room.
Okay.
Let's talk.
Sit down, Eric.
I want to play a game.
The rules are simple.
All you have to do is
sit here and talk to me.
Listen to me.
If you can do that long enough,
you will find your son
in a safe and secure state.
We haven't been properly introduced.
My name is John.
I hear you like to be called 'Jigsaw'.
No.
It was the police and the press
who coined the nickname 'Jigsaw'.
I never encouraged or claimed that.
The jigsaw piece
I cut from my subjects...
was only ever meant to be a symbol...
that that subject
was missing something.
A vital piece of the human puzzle.
The survival instinct.
This is all really,
really interesting, John.
But right now I'd really like
for you to talk to me about...
I am talking to you.
You're not listening.
Don't forget the rules.
I'm listening to you.
But all I'm hearing is the
same sick fucking bullshit...
that comes about two seconds
into every interview...
I've ever done with one of
you fucking people.
That's an interesting approach
to police work, isn't it?
Aren't you supposed to be
convincing me that I'm your friend?
Lulling me into a false sense of
security so that I'll confide in you?
It's a little hard to follow the
manual when you've got my son, John.
The manual?
What do you really
want to do to me right now, huh?
What would you have done
five years ago?
Would you have followed
the manual then?
Or would you have broken my jaw
with a flashlight?
You seem to know a lot about me.
I know you were once considered
a fearless police officer.
Do you feel a whole lot safer
now that you only sit behind a desk?
I feel a whole lot of things
right now.
But you feel alive,
that's what you feel.
And that's the point.
Would you...
kindly get me a glass of water?
I would very much appreciate that.
Fuck!
Well, we've established that...
the macho bullshit approach
isn't opening the door.
Any other suggestions?
Look who's talking.
The only door you know how to open
is between your legs.
Why don't you shut the hell up?
- Hold on, man!
- You shut the hell up!
Bullshit!
Back up, bitch!
Back up before I smack your face!
- You shut the hell up!
- That's right. Back up.
Okay, man, alright.
Nobody take shit from nobody.
We've established that.
Did you find anything?
No, nothing.
So, that ink on your arm,
that's Joliet? Right?
Yeah, so?
I did a stretch there myself.
I'm proud of you.
And you, what is your
correctional facility of choice?
What's your point?
My point is you didn't get that way
by teaching grade school. Right?
That makes three of us
that's done time.
I think we should be
concentrating on that tape.
Because that tape's saying
we have more in common than we know.
I say the three of us
doing stretches...
Hey!
I found a door over here.
I need the flashlight.
Over there.
Oh fuck!
Oh shit!
Hey! Damn, kid!
Sorry.
"Obi".
What the fuck is a obi?
Obi. It's my name.
Hello Obi. I want to play a game.
For years you have burned those around
you with your lies, cons, and deceits.
Now you'll have a chance
to redeem yourself...
for the games you played with others
by playing one of mine.
Inside the device in front of you
are two antidotes...
for the poison coursing
through your veins.
One is my gift to you for helping me
kidnap the others...
The second is yours to donate.
However, one of them
will come with a price.
Remember Obi, once you're in hell,
only the devil can help you out.
Wait a minute.
What does that mean?
"Kidnap the others?"
How would I know?
You guys, he put us here.
The car...
twas...
II knew II knew him.
You're the last person I saw
before I woke up here.
You did this.
Are you sure it's him?
You better be sure.
I'm sure.
You would have done the same.
I did what I had to do.
I'll give you a choice.
You got five seconds
to get us out of here.
I don't know the way out.
Bullshit! You put us in here,
you can get us out of here!
No, I can't.
Then you're a dead man.
So are you.
No, no. Wait, wait, wait.
Wait, listen to me.
We got two antidotes
in the back of that oven,
we're wasting time here.
Wasting time? Are you kidding me?
He kidnapped me in the
middle of the night.
We don't even know
what's in those syringes.
You willing to stick yourself
in the arm to find out?
Yeah.
Okay wait, so who gets them?
I mean there's two, so which
two people get the antidote?
We'll work that out later.
Right now you're going in there.
Or I'll kill you where you stand.
If you're going to
threaten me with a knife,
you may as well cut me a little.
I guess I'm going in there
to get those needles,
but I get one.
One for me.
Hurry up!
Come on, baby.
You guys can fight over this one.
Thank you, Obi. Come on.
Oh shit! The fucking door!
Open the door.
Open the door!
It's locked! I can' to open it!
Open the fucking door!
I'm burning!
Come on! Get him out of there!
The door!
The needles!
I can't get it open!
Get him out of there!
He's burning!
Use your coat!
Use your fucking coat!
Come on! He's burning up!
Stop it!
Come on.
Stop it.
There's got to be a way out!
Guys, there's a window over here.
He's got the antidote!
Stop it!
We got to get out that fucking glass!
Hold on, man.
We're gonna get you out.
Oh shit!
Stop it. Stop it! Stop it!
Stop it! Stop it!
Get out of the fucking way!
Move, move.
Shit! Come on!
The needles! He got the fucking
needles. It's fucking in there.
I want the fucking needles.
Calm down.
Fuck! The needles are fucking melted!
They're gone!
He had a choice.
Another one down, Kerry.
How much more time are we going to
waste on this bastard?
We're not wasting time,
we are doing exactly what we
should be doing.
Not what it looks like to me.
You see, Detective,
Darwin's Theory of Evolution,
survival of the fittest,
based on his little trip
to the Galapagos,
no longer applies on this planet.
We have a human race that
doesn't have the edge,
or the will, to survive.
What the fuck do you want?
It's hard to remain calm, isn't it,
when your son is walking around
on those monitors.
I can't give you what you want if you
don't tell me what the fuck it is.
I told you what it is.
Just remember the rules.
No, you said you wanted to talk,
then you said
you wanted to play a game.
You're talking, but it means nothing!
What do you think the cure
for cancer is, Eric?
What?
The cure for cancer. What is it?
I don't know what it is.
But I know it's not killing and
torturing people...
for your own sick fucking pleasure.
I've never murdered anyone in my life.
The decisions are up to them.
Yeah? Well putting a gun to
someone's head...
and forcing them
to pull the trigger is still murder.
Since when is force
a problem for you?
Why are you so desperate
to get your son back?
Because he's my son.
What was the last thing you said
to him before you left him?
Well then go!
Seems to me that the knowledge of...
your son's impending death
is causing you to act.
Why is it that we're only willing
to do that when a life is at stake?
I've always loved my son.
That's never changed.
No, no, it's changed now.
You see, the knowledge of death
changes everything.
If I were to tell you the exact date
and time of your own death,
it would shatter your world
completely.
I know.
Can you imagine what it feels like
to have someone sit you down...
John Kramer.
And tell you that you're dying?
The gravity of that?
That the clock's ticking for you?
In a split second your world
is cracked open.
You look at things differently,
you smell things differently.
You savor everything, be it a glass
of water or a walk in the park.
The clock is ticking, John.
But most people have the luxury
of not knowing...
when that clock is going to go off.
And the irony of it is that it keeps
them from really living their life.
It keeps them drinking that glass of
water, but never really tasting it.
You can still fix this, John.
Yeah, but can we fix you?
Me?
I'm not fixable.
I've had cancer.
You keep using cancer as an
excuse for what you do.
No.
The cancer isn't what started
me in my work.
It was the moment I decided to end my
life that started me on my work.
And brought meaning to it.
I had literally driven myself to
suicide, and I had failed.
My body had not been strong enough
to repel cancer cells,
yet I had lived through
a plunge off a cliff.
But to my amazement, I was alive.
And I was determined to spend
the rest of my days...
testing the fabric of human nature.
Do you understand, Eric?
You have a chance to do something
good right now, John.
Just tell me where my son is.
I'll help you.
I don't need your help. And II can
tell you still don't understand.
Those who don't appreciate life,
do not deserve life.
My son appreciates his life.
But do you appreciate yours?
Do you appreciate your son's?
Oh, this shit!
Don't forget the rules.
If you want to find your son.
Where are you?
No. No, we don't have
fifteen minutes.
We need that location
to the video feed.
Hey, I don't think
we should stop, okay.
Laura, can you hear me?
This is the second time I've had to
wake up in this shit hole.
Do you think you can stand up?
Yeah.
I don't really want to.
There's so much left to do.
So many people left to talk to.
This can't be it.
It's not.
Amanda. You said
you survived this, right?
I what?
This guy, whoever's doing it,
you said that you've played before,
and you survived.
Yeah.
So that means we can survive.
Amanda, why did he pick you?
Because I was a fucking junkie.
And the funny thing is,
I passed his little test.
If you passed his test,
then why are you back here?
I wasn't being
very good to myself.
How long have you...?
I started in jail.
What were you arrested for?
Possession.
But, I thought you said that...
Maybe you should talk to the cop
who arrested me.
I'm guessing you've never been
arrested before.
No.Um, I mean, I've been
in trouble a few times, you know.
In and out of stuff.
My dad's a...
He's areal hard ass.
He's probably got half the city
right now looking for me.
Just so he can kick my ass for
disappearing on him.
Yeah. Probably.
We found a door.
Come on!
Get going, we have to go.
It was the only one without a lock,
but we can't get it open.
How's it going?
It's stuck on something.
Here, let me try it.
Move, move. Come on!
Take it easy. Jesus!
Just backup, alright.
If it's stuck, it's a trap.
Lady, this whole house is a trap.
Obviously someone didn't want us
to get into this room.
Now what?
I'm gonna be right back, okay.
Whatever we do, we got three
minutes to get it done.
Hello Xavier, I want to play a game.
The game I want to play
is very similar...
to the one that you've been
playing as a drug dealer,
the game of offering hope to the
desperate for a price.
I think we can agree that your
Situation is desperate.
So toff er you hope.
The price you pay is that you must
crawl into the same pit of squalor...
you force your customers into.
- By entering this room. ..
- Oh, my God!
...a timer has been started.
When the timer expires, the door in
front of you will be locked forever.
- Guys...guys...
-Ont yin finding the key...
...before the timer runs out
can you unlock it,
and retrieve the antidote inside.
Oh, my God!
I will give you just one hint
as to where that key is.
It will be like finding a needle
in a haystack.
Let the game begin.
Somebody's going in there.
Somebody's fucking going in there.
No! No! No! No! No!
How can you do this stuff?
What are you doing?
What the fuck are you doing?
No! No! Help me!
Shit!
My God!
Come on!
We don't have time.
Bullshit!
What the fuck's wrong with you?
What are you doing?
You're out of your fucking mind.
Hurry up.
Oh shit!
Come on!
We don't have time.
Keep fucking looking.
Come on, come on!
Fuck you!
Someone's got to help her.
What the fuck, guys!
No! No! No!
No!
No, no, ho, no!
No, no, no!
You fucking bitch!
That's enough!
That's not nearly enough, man.
No! Stop this bullshit!
Did you hear that tape?
He knows about us, our names...
There's something
that we're not seeing.
Jail.
He said you three had
been there.
Make it four.
For what?
Does it matter?
Anybody else want to own up?
What about you?
You got juvie written all over you.
No. Never been.
Alright.
Let's talk this out.
No. No more talking.
The only thing you people have in
common is holding me back.
I'm gone.
Where's this goddamned tech team?
They'll be here any second.
I'm not listening to this any more.
Another second is too fucking long.
Look, I know how
this guy works, okay?
He's playing a game. Eric just needs
to stay in it a little bit longer.
Take a look at the clock.
You need to start thinking
outside the box,
or his son is going to end up in one.
His work.
You want to get to him,
that's how you do it.
He's relishing this.
It's an opportunity to be heard.
To be studied.
Threaten to destroy his work.
How will you get your conviction
without all this evidence, Eric?
I don't need this shit
to convict you.
So go ahead...destroy it.
I will.
Destroy it all.
Just know it will not save
your son if you do.
You kill my son, I kill you.
Go ahead. Why wait?
We both know
the sort of person you are...
Get out of here!
The sort of person who guns down
an unarmed suspect.
The sort of person
who plants evidence...
in order to obtain a conviction.
The sort of person
whose wife leaves him,
and who's son hates him.
Shut the fuck up!
Okay, setup all the traces
to the satellite.
Let's go.
Ah, your tech team's arrived.
Just in time.
You better hope they find
the source of that feed.
Something I haven't told you,
Eric...
I'm done listening to you.
Maybe I can just show it to you.
Unfortunately it's going to be
difficult for me to get it myself,
so perhaps you could ask the people
who are...
listening on that walkie in there
if they can get it for me.
Alright?
Brown desk.
Second drawer down.
You may not remember
all those people,
but I'm sure they remember you.
You were the arresting officer
in all of their cases.
And you were the one who
planted all the evidence...
used to obtain their convictions.
You were the one who put them away.
Your son is playing a game
with a lot of people...
who don't like you very
much, Detective.
It would be a shame if
they discovered who he was.
You all possess
the combination to the safe.
Think hard, the numbers
are in the back of your mind.
The clue to their order
can be found over the rainbow.
Son of a bitch.
What are you doing?
I haven't decided yet.
You know, the others,
they're scared of you.
Good.
You and me,
we can keep going at each
other like we back in the yard,
or we can come together and
figure out who's doing this to us.
You and the others
can do what you want.
I already found
what I'm looking for.
You remind me of me.
No matter what kind of fucked up
situation you're in,
you always got to
find yourself an enemy.
You know what? I got enemies, man,
outside these fucking walls, bro,
and they're looking for me.
And if they don't find me, they're
going after the ones closest to me.
My family.
You understand?
No. I don't understand.
It's just me...
and that's the way I like it.
Now, turn around.
What?
Turn around.
Oh shit.
No, we can't stop.
We've been here over two hours.
If what that tape says is true, then
in one hour the front door will open.
We're not going to make it that long.
That's areal winning attitude.
She knows what she's talking about.
Oh yeah?
A marks the spot.
What?
X marks. .. marks the spot.
For the answer.
What are you doing with him?
This is your father?
What, you know him?
Yeah.
He's the guy who put me away.
He set me up.
Tell me that's not your father.
I can't trust any of you.
You two are on your own.
Now we know what we have in common.
Amanda, please. II didn't know.
Hey kid! Amanda! Where are you?
Please don't leave me.
We got to move.
Hey kid!
Amanda!
I found a way out!
Eight.
Hey kid!
Do...
not...
run.
Eric! Eric. No! No!
Get off me.
We tried it your way.
You motherfucker, where is he?!
Eric.
Goddamn it.
Not long to go now until
your son is pissing blood.
Now that's the Eric Matthews
they gave medals to.
Help! Help.
Help me!
Oh my God! Jonas!
Help me! Help me.
Help. Help. Help.
Please.
It's okay.
Help me.
No! You fucker!
Help! Help!
Amanda.
Nobody's listening anymore, asshole.
Open your mouth.
Open your mouth! Come on.
There you go.
Are you going to tell me
where he is now??
What?
Say it again.
Game... game over.
I'll take you to the house.
You're going to take me right now.
Right now.
I'll only take you. No one else.
Alright. Me and you.
How do we get out of here?
There's a button on the wall.
You better hurry,
there's not much time left.
Elevator, move it!
Come on!
Fuck! Secure the warehouse, now!
Alright, let's go!
Let's go! Go! Go! Go!
Dammit!
We've got a lock.
This is Kerry, they're both gone.
If I don't find my son,
I swear to God...
Kerry, they're gone.
Fucking gone.
Yes! Kerry, we got a lock.
We got a lock on the house.
Rigg, we got it.
237 North Hyde Crescent.
237 North Hyde Crescent. Got it!
Where to now?
Straight ahead.
Come on, come on.
Where are you?
Make aright on Alfred!
Come on.
Open the fucking door!
Open the door.
There's nowhere to go!
All I want is the number
on the back of your heads.
There's nowhere to go.
I can't hold it!
Come on, let me in! Let me in!
Open the door! Come on!
What do we do?
Take a left at the next street.
It's the last house on the left.
Shit!
Come on!
Come on, Amanda.
Man, what is it?
A door! It's a fucking door!.
You have nowhere to go!
Come on!
Help me move this thing!
Okay.
Come on, Amanda!
Shit! It's locked!
Let me in.
Come on, open the door!
The key, the one we found
with the tape recorder.
Where is it? Where is it?
Fuck!
Jonas. Jonas had it last.
Find it Hurry!
Come on!
Open this door!
Let me in!
Eric, you're going to need this key
when you get inside the house.
No!
Where the hell are we?
Run! Run!
Daniel!
Daniel, we got to go!
We got to go, come on!
Run!
Okay, let's go!
Let's go! Let's go!
Go, go, go!
We're in.
Daniel!
Ground floor secure!
Move it up!
Kerry, we're in the house.
I repeat, we're in the house.
I cannot see you, Sergeant.
Repeat, I cannot see you.
- Where the hell is Eric?
-What is your 20?
Rigg, do you copy?
Hello, Mr. Hindle.
Follow your heart.
Wish I had checked in there first.
What the fuck it this?!
My name is very fucking confused.
What's your name?
I'm going to kill your husband now,
Mrs. Gordon.
He doesn't want us to cut
through our chains.
What are you doing? No!
He wants us to cut through our feet.
No! Oh my God!
Oh, shit!
No?!
Daniel!
No, don't leave me.
Please.
He's gone.
It doesn't matter.
All I want is the number
on the back of his neck,
and then yours.
You still don't know
your own number.
How are you going to get it
if I don't tell you?
Daniel!
Shit!
Fuck!
Daniel!
I still cannot see you, Sergeant.
Rigg, do you copy?
Left side clear.
Right side clear.
All clear.
I still can't see you, Sergeant.
I repeat, cannot see you.
It's not live.
Kerry, we're in
the wrong fucking house!
They've been dead
this whole fucking time.
- Get your team out of there.
-Let's go.
Daniel?
Daniel!
Hello Eric, you probably
don't even remember me,
but you changed my life once.
You sent me to prison.
I was guilty of a lot of things,
but not the drug charge
you framed me for.
You wouldn't know the things
you lose when you're locked away.
The second time somebody
changed my life,
I was guilty.
Hello Amanda.
But my life was saved that day...
- You said you survived this, right?
-Yeah.
I found myself a father.
A leader. A teacher.
You must meet death...
in order to be reborn.
He helped me.
What is the cure for cancer,
Eric?
Those who don't appreciate
life do not deserve life.
The cure for death itself?
The answer is immortality.
Daniel!
By creating a legacy,
by living a life worth remembering,
you become immortal.
So now we find
the tables are turned.
He asked for you.
What the fuck do you want?
I told you.
He wants us to survive this.
I want to play a game.
You have to play by
the fucking rules.
The rules are simple.
All you have to do
is sit here and talk to me.
- What?
- If you can do that long enough...
you will find your son
in a safe and secure state.
What the fuck is that?
It's your son, Daniel.
You remember him, don't you?
My dad's a... he's a real hard ass.
I call you unworthy of the life
you've been given.
The knowledge of your son's
impending death...
has caused you to forgive all his sins.
Why is it that we're only willing to
do that when a life is at stake?
Daniel!
I'm done listening to you.
Don't forget the rules.
Shut the fuck up.
He's playing a game.
I don't want to talk to him.
You're not saying shit!
We both know the sort of
person you are.
Not long to go now until
your son is pissing blood.
I'll take you to the house.
Daniel?
There's something I haven't told you,
Eric...
It is I who will carry on
John's work after he dies.
Daniel!
So go ahead. Destroy it.
-And you...
- Daniel!
...are my first test subject.
Now you are locked away,
helpless and alone.
You fucking bitch.
Game over.
I'll fucking kill you.
You fucking bitch!
I'll fucking kill you! No!
No! Help!
Help!
No!